Calvin has two obvious choices in this situation. He could choose to blackmail the judge and free himself from prison. He could also choose to turn the judge in. I would argue that the second option is the best and I will show this through the lens of virtue ethics, utilitarianism, and deontology. First, the virtue ethicist would say that you should strive for honesty and fairness.  Blackmailing the judge may get Calvin out of prison, but it would be a dishonest and illegal way to do so. Turning the judge in would be an act that would be the honest thing to do. Second, the utilitarian would say that turning the judge in would be best not just for Calvin, but for the countless other people who the judge may put to trial unfairly. Calvin was wrongfully convicted and we know that the judge is grossly dishonest in at least one way. A dishonest judge has potential to cause harm to a great number of people through wrongful convictions or acquittals. The problem of a crooked judge on the bench would greatly outweigh the displeasure caused to the judge. Third, the deontologist would say that the act of turning the judge in would be an act permissible by both definitions of the categorical imperative. The maxim of turning the judge in could be easily universalized into a rule that states "if you find that a judge is involved in wrongdoing, turn in the judge." This rule not only is easily universalizable, but also seems intuitively like a good rule. The second version of the categorical imperative is a little trickier, but a Kantian would say that Calvin is not using the judge as a mere means to get out of jail, but that he is simply preventing him from abusing his position of power and using the public as a mere means to his own end. All three of these theoretical ethicists would recognize the fact that if the judge was found guilty of wrongdoing, then all of his cases would be subject to scrutiny, and potentially a retrial and a way for Calvin to get out of jail. This would be a positive side-effect for all three ethicists.
